Documenting data handling and running simulations (#301)
esqLABS/esqlabsR: vignettes/data-handling.Rmd

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment = "#>", 
  eval = FALSE
)
```

```{r, echo = FALSE, results = "hide", message = FALSE}
library(esqlabsR)
```

The workflow of modeling and simulation involves running simulations and comparing simulated data against observed data. The observed data must come in Excel files and can be loaded into the R environment with a `loadObservedData()` helper function. The following code loads data from an Excel file in `/tests/data` into an `observedData` variable. 

> ``` {r}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

``` {r}
```

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment = "#>",
  eval = FALSE
)
```

```{r, echo = FALSE, results = "hide", message = FALSE}
library(esqlabsR)
```

> The workflow of modeling and simulation involves running simulations and comparing simulated data against observed data. The observed data must come in Excel files and can be loaded into the R environment with a `loadObservedData()` helper function. The following code loads data from an Excel file in `/tests/data` into an `observedData` variable. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The workflow of modeling and simulation involves running simulations and comparing simulated data against observed data. Functionalities of `esqlabsR` require observed data to be present as [`DataSet`](https://www.open-systems-pharmacology.org/OSPSuite-R/reference/DataSet.html) objects. Please refer to the article [Observed data](https://www.open-systems-pharmacology.org/OSPSuite-R/articles/observed-data.html) for information on how to load data from excel or *.pkml files.

The function `loadObservedData()` facilitates loading data in standard esqlabs projects. Assuming the standard project folder structure with observed data being present in the "Data" folder, loading data can be done with the following code: 
```

> ``` {r}

Reviewer 2: ```{r loadObservedData}
setwd("../tests/data/TestProject/Code/")
# Create a ProjectConfiguration based on the file located in `tests/data/TestProject/Code`
projectConfiguration <- createDefaultProjectConfiguration()
dataSheets <- "Laskin 1982.Group A"
observedData <- loadObservedData(projectConfiguration = projectConfiguration, sheets = dataSheets)

print(names(observedData))
```
